the Sangiovese is a lump the red berry
the berry is made up of the peel and the pulp
the skin contains the anthocyanins that give color to the wine
and tannins that will give the future structure
inside the pulp
consisting of sugar waters
it is colorless
always to make red wine
draw the skins with the must
the hey hand-picked, destemmed grape is placed inside the vats of
fermentation
that once they were made of wood and now they are steel
inside these the must is positioned the lower part and the skins
at the top
and go to form the hat
to get a red wine you have to mix
the must with the skins
once this was done by hand
through the use of the pole
currently in our cellar for young wines
we use
a very modern dedication system called ganymede carbon dioxide
naturally produced during fermentation it pushes the must towards
up
breaks the hat by putting the skins in contact with the must
the wine oxidizes in the presence of oxygen
and this may be at fault
to overcome this problem, sulphites are used in wine
the ganymede method works in the absence of oxygen
this allows us to use - sulphites in the production of our wines e
then obtain that perini natural products for long aging and then
intended for reserves we use tiny to wider sections where the contact
the must is higher between the skins
this favors the extraction of anthocyanins edit years
to help break the hat in this case we use systems
traditional